If you're on a GLP-1 medication and
you're noticing that your face is
looking deflated and aged, your hair is
thinning in the shower, or your muscles
are shrinking despite resistance
training, there's one peptide that
actually addresses all three of these
issues simultaneously, and that peptide
is called GHK copper. And here's what
makes it critical for GLP-1 users
specifically. These three problems, they
don't happen gradually over decades like
normal aging. They happen in freaking
months. Ompic face typically shows up
around month four to six. Hair loss can
kick in around month 3 to four. And
studies show 25% to 40% of your weight
loss on GLP1s is muscle, not fat. That's
not good long term. This peptide is part
of the solution, but you need a complete
protection framework, the nutrition
strategy, the supplementation, the
resistance training protocols, the
timing, and that's what I'm going to
give you guys today, the comprehensive
protocol. Hi, I'm Dr. Jones DC and I
coach thousands of patients on GLP-1s
through optimization strategies at our
nationwide tele medicine clinic. And
this passion of mine comes from my own
100 lb weight loss journey using
intermittent fasting and eventually
GLP-1 micro doing protocols. And now I
work with medical practitioners helping
people like you maximize your GLP-1
results while protecting against side
[music] effects that nobody warns you
about. I've been using GHK copper myself
for the past 6 months. I started at
about 2 milligrams every day. Originally
for shoulder recovery from training,
specifically volleyball. But then within
4 [music] weeks, I noticed something
unexpected. My skin texture improved
significantly. Better elasticity, more
even tone. And that's when I dug into
the research and discovered why this
peptide is so freaking powerful for GLP1
users, specifically even nonGLP1. And so
today, I'm going to give you the
complete solution framework for all
three protection areas because the
peptide is just one piece. [music] So,
let me break down what's actually
happening to your body when you're
taking these medications because
understanding the mechanism is the only
way to really begin to prevent the
damage. Problem number one, ompic face.
You see, the clinical pattern that I see
consistently, the patients come in,
they're excited about their weight loss,
they've lost 30, 40, 50 lbs, but around
month four to month six, they start
noticing something in the mirror. Their
face is looking deflated, gaunt, sagging
jawline, deeper smile lines around the
mouth. And then someone at work says,
"Hey, you look tired. Are you feeling
okay?" Here's what's actually happening.
You can be losing fat, say at 1 to three
pounds per week, especially in the early
months, but that collagen remodeling
[music] typically takes 8 to 12 weeks to
catch up with some improvements visible
as early as 4 to 6 weeks. But your
facial fat pads, they're disappearing
faster than your skin [music] can
actually adapt. And here's the part that
most people miss. The GLP-1 appetite
suppression means that you're in a
massive calorie deficit. Your body isn't
prioritizing collagen production. It's
in survival mode. Skin maintenance.
That's a luxury. So, you finally lose
weight, but now you look 10 years older.
Problem number two, hair [music] loss.
Susan is a teacher, 42 years old. She'd
been on some glutide for about 4 months
when she text us panicking. My hair is
freaking falling out in clumps. I'm
finding it all over my pillow in the
shower drain. And I can't I can't keep
doing this. Like hair loss can cause
massive detriment to a woman's health,
even men's too as well. So what was
happening to Susan? She was only getting
about 40 g of protein a day because the
medication was killing her appetite. By
second period, she was exhausted. She
couldn't focus on grading papers and her
hair, [music]
it was literally starving out. This is
called teligenuvium and that's a medical
term for when your hair follicles
prematurely shift from the growing phase
into resting phase. Basically, your hair
stops growing and [music] starts falling
out. The timeline 3 to 4 months after
starting your GLP once. When we really
look at the mechanisms behind this, this
is going to happen with any sort of
rapid weight loss. This isn't your
GLP1's fault. But your body interprets
the rapid weight loss as a stressor
[music] and it shuts down non-essential
functions. Hair growth non-essential.
Plus, the nutritional deficiencies
because you're not hitting your protein
targets. You're deficient in biotin,
iron, zinc, the exact building blocks
that your hair needs. If you don't
address it, you're looking at 9 to 12
months of shedding and recovery can take
up to 6 to 12 months or longer [music]
without intervention. And then finally,
problem number three, muscle wasting.
Jessica, 43, mother of two, stood in the
doctor's office staring at her DEXA scan
print out. That's a gold standard test
for measuring exactly how much fat
versus how much muscle you have. She
lost 35 lbs on WGO over 8 months. She
should have been celebrating, but the
numbers told a different story. Total
weight loss 35 lbs, fat loss 20 [music]
pounds, muscle loss 15. This is not
good. We ended up telling her that
you've almost lost as much muscle as
fat. That's 750 calories [music] of
metabolic capacity gone. That's why
you've plateaued. And Jessica felt this
in her stomach. She'd been training
three times per week. She thought she
was doing everything right. Studies show
25 to 40% of your GLV1 weight loss is
lean mass. Every pound of muscle you
lose, that's 50 calories per day of
metabolism just gone forever unless you
rebuild it. So Jessica lost 15 pounds of
muscle, 750 calories per day that her
body was no longer burning those
calories. Now she has two options. She
can increase her dose, which means more
muscle loss, or stop the medication and
regain her weight because her metabolism
has slowed down. See, this is the trap
that many of you are in right now, and
it's completely preventable. Now,
[music] if you're realizing that you
need a complete prevention protocol for
one, two, or all three of these issues,
not just the peptide, but the protein
targets, the supplement timing, the
training program, we offer discovery
calls where our patient advocates can
create a personalized plan. You can
either text number on the screen or
check the link in the description if you
want to explore that. But first, let me
show you what makes GHK copper the only
peptide that protects all three systems
at once. So, how does one peptide
protect your face, your hair, and your
muscles all at the same time? It comes
down to four foundational mechanisms
that work across multiple tissue types.
Mechanism number one, gene modulation at
scale. Researchers at the Broad
Institute discovered [music] that GHK
copper modulates 31.2% of the human
genome. Over 4,000 genes affected. It
upregulated genes for collagen
synthesis, DNA repair, and antioxidant
defense. [music] It downregulates
inflammatory genes. Those markers like
NFCappa B, TNF alpha and interlucan 6.
These signal your body to stay inflamed.
[music] And most peptides target one
thing. BBC57 great for gut issues. TB500
repairing acute injuries. But GHK
copper, it's orchestrating tissue repair
at a freaking genetic level across
multiple systems. And that's why one
peptide, this particular one, can act on
your skin, your hair, and your muscle
simultaneously. Second mechanism, its
anti-inflammatory powerhouse. GHK copper
reduces systemic inflammation not just
in one joint tissue type, but it reduces
TNF alpha interlucan 6 markers
throughout your entire body. Chronic
inflammation is one of the root causes
of accelerated aging. Skin breakdown,
hair follicle damage, slower recovery.
GHK copper addresses this systemically.
This is what I first experienced with my
shoulder. The inflammation resolution
wasn't dramatic overnight, but within 3
to four months, that chronic tightness
that had been there for months, it
started resolving. Mechanism number
three, stem cell activation. Studies
show that GHK copper increases in P63.
Now, those are biological markers that
actually signal your body to create new
stem cells. It creates new follicle stem
cells in the hair. It supports
regeneration in multiple tissue types.
This doesn't just slow down aging, it
promotes actual regeneration. And then
finally, mechanism number four, collagen
synthesis acceleration. This is big. GHK
copper directly influences the gene
expression for collagen formation. It
increases type 1 collagen for that
structural support, type three collagen
for the basement [music] membranes, and
then type seven for skin elasticity. It
also increases elastin, so your [music]
skin doesn't just get thicker, but it
actually can get more supple. Your body
already knows how to build collagen,
strengthen hair follicles, and recover
from training. GHK copper is the signal
that tells it to do so. And when you're
on a GLP-1 medication in a massive
calorie deficit, losing fat at 1 to 3
lbs per week, especially in the early
months, your body isn't prioritizing
these systems. GHK copper restores that
signal. But the peptide alone isn't
enough. You need the complete framework
around it. Five tiers. The peptide is
tier number one, but without the other
four, you're [music] wasting your time
and your money in my opinion. Okay, so
tier number one, GHK copper for
prevention. Two to three milligrams
daily subcutaneous injection. [music]
That means underneath the skin, not in
your freaking veins or muscles. This is
a long-term protocol. Months, [music]
not weeks. Critical point here, start
this with your GLP1, not after facial
changes are visible. If you're already
seeing ompic face, you're probably too
late. Prevention [music] is key and is
much more successful than reversal. We
recommend working with a healthcare
provider who can prescribe and monitor
this properly. While GHK copper is
available through various sources,
medical supervision just ensures proper
dosing, sourcing quality, and safety.
Tier number two, collagen support.
During appetite suppression, you're
going to need 30 grams of hydrayed
collagen peptides daily. Hydrayed means
they're broken down for better
absorption. the GLP-1 challenge, getting
it down when you're not hungry. The
strategy is there's collagen in your
morning coffee when you're fasting or in
a smoothie if you're eating breakfast
because we we push intermittent fasting
a lot of our patients. So, when you
break your fast, you also need about a
gram of vitamin C. This is
non-negotiable cuz this is going to
support collagen synthesis. Also,
glycine, which you can get from bone
broth or gelatin supplements. Those are
going to be a great add-on. Tier three,
protein floor strategy. minimum 130 to
150 grams of protein for most users.
That's about a gram of protein per pound
of target body weight. Remember Susan?
She was at 40 gram. Complete disaster
for her hair, muscle, and collagen. See,
collagen supplements don't replace
protein. You need both. Distribute this
across three to four meals in your
eating windows. Tier four, topical
enhancement. GHK copper [music] topical
cream works synergistically with the
injection. You can apply it to the face
or to your neck nightly. Hyaluronic acid
for hydration and retinoids like
tininoan in the evening for additional
collagen stimulation. Now stack these
for maximum effect. Tier five lifestyle
protection. UV protection is massive. So
I do recommend using sunblock if you're
really trying to enhance your skin.
[music]
This is my favorite sunblock right here
because your skin is vulnerable to
collagen turnover. Excessive UV exposure
works against everything that you're
doing. This is my favorite sunblock
because it's the only mineral one. I'm a
big fan of mineral sunblocks. That
doesn't leave that freaking white
residue. And I'm on camera every day, so
this is a big deal. Hydration,
hydration, hydration. About half of your
body weight in ounces per water. Quality
of sleep. 7 to 9 hours. Quality. Most
people will notice initial skin texture
improvements within 4 to 6 weeks with
more substantial collagen remodeling by
8 to 12 weeks. Start this framework with
your GLP1s. Prevent oyic face entirely.
Wait until month six and you're looking
at four to six months of reversal work
if you're lucky if you even can reverse
it. Now, separate from this five tier
system is the most important
understanding that steady weight loss is
vitally important for preventing ozumpic
face. This is why I strongly recommend
that you shoot for a conservative weight
loss rate.5 to 1% of your body weight.
So, if you're about a 200lb person, I
only want you losing about 1 to 2 lbs
per week. And if you're lifting weights,
this is great because that 1 to two
pounds is primarily fat. It's that
protein intake and weight training that
protect the muscle mass on your body.
And I know you want to lose weight
faster. I get it. But if you do this,
you are increasing the likelihood of
developing loose skin and oepic face and
going to make it harder for yourself
long term. If this complete collagen
protection framework is making you
realize that prevention is everything,
hit that subscribe button right now
because we put out two videos per week
on GLP-1 optimization and two videos per
week on peptide strategies [music] where
we break down the complete framework.
Plus, it actually helps out the channel
big time. So, do me that solid and hit
that subscribe button right now. Number
two, protecting your [music] hair. Now,
let me show you the framework for
protecting your hair. Remember Susan,
the teacher whose hair was falling out
in clumps? Here's what we had to do to
fix it. Susan was at 40 g of protein
daily. We had to get her to 150 g. The
GLP1 reality, this is hard when appetite
[music] is so freaking crushed. So, the
complete framework for hair protection.
We're going to go through the five tiers
here. So, number one, GHK copper. Same
thing before 2 to 3 millig injected
subcutaneous. That's going to be into
the fat tissue. This actually extends
the antigen phase. [music] That's the
active growth phase when your hair is
actually growing, not resting or falling
out. It creates new follical stem cells,
but it must be combined with proper
nutrition or it probably won't work.
Tier 2 protein strategy, and this is
important when your appetite is
suppressed. Remember, we said about a
gram per pound of target body weight.
So, that's about 130 g for most [music]
of you. Susan's protocol, 150 g of
protein distributed across four small
meals. [music] Protein shakes when solid
food was impossible. Greek yogurt, whole
eggs, chicken thighs, because we want
that fat as well, dense protein sources.
And then she supplemented when
necessary. Biotin about 5 to 10 milligs
per day. Zinc about 15 to 30 milligs and
about 2 to three grams per day of high
quality fish oil. Get your feritin
checked as well. That's your blood
levels of total iron because when it's
low, that means that your hair doesn't
have enough iron to grow properly.
[music] Tier three topical hair
strategy. So 5% minoxidil has good
research behind it. This works through a
different pathway than your GHK copper.
So you can actually stack them together
for synergistic effects. Scalp massages
5 minutes daily. This will increase
blood flow to the hair follicles. And
red light therapy. There's emerging
evidence for follicle stimulation.
Though research is still developing on
this. You have nothing to lose with red
light therapy. This not only helps your
hair growth, but this helps your entire
body. Prevention is everything. The main
reason hair loss is happening is due to
a stress response from rapid weight
loss. So as we stressed earlier, shoot
for a more conservative weight loss
rate. Start this protocol at month
number one on your GLP ones. Don't wait
until shedding starts at month three or
four. Susan's timeline after we started
the complete protocol. Shedding stopped
by week 8. Baby hair started growing at
her temples by month four and hair back
to 85 90% of her preg-p density by month
number six. Start this protocol early.
Minimal [music] shedding. Wait like
Susan did. 4 to 6 months minimum to
recover, sometimes longer. Now, if you
want me to make a complete video
dedicated specifically to GLP1 hair
loss, covering the exact supplement
stack, the topical protocols, how we
adjust if you're already shedding, and
the monthby-month recovery timeline,
drop a comment below, and I'll create
that deep dive video if there's enough
interest in this. Quick note, I actually
have a pretty thorough skincare [music]
routine myself. My fiance got me into
this and I kind of obsess over anything
I get into. if you want to make a deep
dive into [music] that as well where I
break down my personal skincare routine
which includes tininoan, the vitamin C,
the GHK copper topicals and everything
else that I do for skin optimization.
Let me know in the comments as well if
you think that'll be helpful for you.
This is [music] a deep skincare routine
that works for ladies and men as well.
Let me show you the final framework here
for muscle prevention. Remember Jessica,
the mother who lost 15 [music] pounds of
muscle on her DEXA scan? Jessica needed
to rebuild. She was at about 40 grams of
protein daily. Just like Susan, her
training was solid three times per week.
But without the nutrition foundation,
the training was worthless. Let me give
you the complete muscle protection
framework. Tier one GHK copper for
recovery. Same dosing schedule, 2 to
three milligs per day, subcutaneous
injection. Now, let me be clear. This is
not a muscle building peptide like
growth hormone peptides or testosterone
therapy. What it does, though, is it
supports recovery, reduces inflammation,
and accelerates tissue repair. I noticed
my soreness drop from 4 to 5 days down
to 2 to 3 days. Faster recovery means
more frequent training, which means
better results. Now, tier [music] two,
protein. Protein. Protein. You're
probably getting tired of me saying
this, so I'm going to be quick. About 1
g per pound of target body weight.
That's about 130 to 150 g of protein for
most women, and for most men, closer to
150 to 160. This is your floor, not
optional. Jessica went from 40 g to 150
distributed across four meals.
post-workout, 30 to 40 grams of protein.
And we added leucine. That's a specific
amino acid that tells your muscles to
start rebuilding. It's like flipping the
growth switch. Without adequate protein,
[music] GHK copper can't rebuild muscle.
The peptide provides the signal, but the
protein provides the building blocks.
Tier three, resistance training. During
your GLP1s, minimum three times per
week. Progressive overload is critical
here. You have to challenge [music] your
muscles consistently. Compound movements
are priority. Think squats, deadlifts,
presses, rows, movements that recruit
multiple muscle groups. Weight training
without progression equals muscle
decline over time. Jessica's program was
a three full body routine weekly where
she went into progressive weight
increases. Tier 4 creatine, the most
studied supplement, 5 g, no loading
phases needed. Keep it simple. Creatine
monohydrate. The benefits include muscle
preservation, strength, performance, and
cognitive support. Excellent safety
profile backed by thousands of studies.
And then finally, tier five, the flow
protocol integration. This is the
foundational protocol that we use to
help patients lose weight safely.
Strategic therapeutic long fasting
windows instead of daily calorie
deficit. You have to understand the
mechanism here. Those long therapeutic
fasting windows, they cause growth
hormone surges five-fold during the long
fasting rounds. That growth hormone is
muscle protective during those calorie
deficits. GHK copper plus growth hormone
boost from flow protocols is a
synergistic strategy for body
recomposition improvements. Jessica's
complete protocol, we put her on weekly
48 hour fast with GHK copper continuing
throughout the week, 150 gram of protein
on feeding days. She was lifting weights
three times [music] per week. She ended
up gaining 8 lbs of muscle while losing
another 10 pounds of fat over a
six-month period. Scale didn't change
much, but her body completely
transforms. This represents [music]
one of our patients outcomes with a
complete protocol showing what's
possible with the right approach. Tier
six, recovery optimization. You got to
sleep seven to nine hours high quality
sleep. That's when repair happens and
growth hormone releases naturally.
Stress management. Cortisol is catabolic
to muscle. That means it breaks down
muscle tissue instead of rebuilding it.
High cortisol literally eats away at
your muscles. Active recovery on and off
days. Walking, light movement, improves
circulation without adding training
stress. Here's what patients in our
clinic see when they follow this
complete framework on their GLP
medications. They maintain muscle or
even build it while [music] losing fat.
The flow fasting piece is what makes
this possible because growth hormone
during the fast protects muscle. Protein
on feeding days helps to rebuild it and
GHK copper accelerates the recovery
between sessions. This is how you avoid
Jessica's initial trap. This is how you
lose fat without sacrificing your
metabolism. Now, if you want me to make
a video breaking down our complete
muscle building program for GLP-1
patients, the exact training protocols,
the periodization strategies, the
recovery adjustments, and how we
integrate flow fasting for simultaneous
fat loss and muscle gain, drop a comment
below and let me know if that'll be
helpful to you, and I can make make a
video breaking the whole thing down how
we integrate that complete framework.
So, the framework is simple. In the
morning, GHK copper injection again two
to three milligrams. Collagen peptides
30 grams. Vitamin C about one gram per
day. High protein breakfast if you are
eating breakfast 40 to 50 grams
throughout the day each meal. Hit your
protein targets about 130 to 150 across
the day. Hydration about half of your
body weight in ounces per water. You can
add biotin, zinc, and omega fatty acids.
Creatine 5 g per day. Post-workout
protein about 30 to 40 grams of protein.
Add the lucine. Topical GHK copper cream
on your face and neck. Retinoids and
hyaluronic acid in the evening. Weekly
resistance training three times minimum
weekly [music] flow fasting. Daily scalp
massage 5 minutes non-negotiable. And
get your butt into some high quality
sleep and protect your face against UV
rays with some high quality sunblock.
The cost reality about $180 to $35 per
month. Compare that to freaking plastic
surgery for osmpic face or hair loss
transplants or metabolic damage for
muscle loss. Prevention is so much
cheaper. I need to be transparent here.
There are no studies specifically
testing [music] GHK copper for ozic face
or GLP-1 induced side effects. Zero. But
what we do have is decades of quality
wound healing research. Human trials of
collagen peptides showing up to 35%
wrinkle reduction and GHK [music]
copper studies demonstrating skin
texture improvements. hair follicle stem
cell studies, gene modulation data
affecting 4,000 genes, [music]
anti-inflammatory research, and our
clinical observation from thousands of
GLP-1 patients. I'm extrapolating from
mechanisms and clinical experience here,
not from specific GLP-1 trials. But the
patient outcomes consistent, repeatable,
and dramatic. That's why we use it.
That's [music] why we recommend it with
our patients. And I wanted you to know
the evidence landscape so that you can
make the best decision for you.
Remember, prevention is easier, faster,
and cheaper than reversal. If you're
starting a GLP-1 or you're in your first
few months, implement the complete
[music] GHK copper prevention framework
now. Don't wait until month four when
the damage is already visible. If you're
already on a GLP1 and you're watching
your face deflate, your hair thin out or
your muscles shrink, and you're
realizing that you need the complete
protection protocol, not just the GHK
copper, but the protein optimization,
the supplement timing, the resistance
training, the flow fasting integration,
the right dosing sourcing, and for your
situation, that's what we help patients
with every single [music] day. You can
either text the number on the screen or
click that link to book your free
discovery call where [music] you can
speak to my patient advocates. They can
go over your history, what's going on,
and make a recommendation for you with
what it's like to work with me, my
coaches, my medical team, and you can
decide if that's right for you. If
you're really trying to sink into these
peptide protocol videos, check out this
video right there where I break down the
six [music] most powerful peptides that
we use most often in our practice. We'll
see you guys later.